of giordano can not be said that it is not
an intelligent man unified a
empire
there are people here who say that
messages to friends
like the mentalists
I know
for example once he was separating
a friend and I always told him that it rained
stopped sometimes are messages for people who
known
they will grab some messages that
see if you are attentive
goes beyond his talent as a hairdresser
and business success to Roberto Giordano
he had to be grateful
eternally for having given us to
all Argentinian thoughts
memorable that decades later
denounced we try yet
unraveling does not hit me
do not hit me or giordano put 7 now
are you paying below the agreement
collective work
the four criteria discount
this absolutely absolutely is not
that I undoubtedly also want
ask for my company is normally now
the receipts and usually only if
normally it is undoubtedly
are watching and analyzing why
people take is that is a
please enough they took it and they took
just by trade the store posts 6
doing it from the day taylor is
just this mushroom this mushroom this mushroom
allow two were all in trials
labor which of course is missing 12 but
and again on a personal level like me
president a company and that was the
inconvenient but after nothing else no
absolutely not because
economic problems but that the
risks that any businessman has
it's a customer came to tell me I was
It's wrong because the employee who had
helped throughout life
I made a terrible demand to see
our five the carriages there is 10
that super restore special and already happens
the 32 already happens the 32 who wants to travel
in 32 a lot of people here in paris
the metro the bus on the bus
well let's go for more
4 , provided that whenever it rained stopped
it was cold and usually afterwards the
Spring is already going to make the sun a
spectacular marithé françois son with
an absolutely transgressive fashion
different clothing superimposed clothes
absolutely very special
let's go to argentina
to see if it has the center header
absolutely free to make a goal there
it's there it's good
it's very important, well, you're
opening the camera for both
good as they are sharing is to throw
you both want to tell him how much
oxygen really takes away a car a
combination of the car equals how many
weapons are needed to avoid
equally one on the mountain when you see
really that there is no tree is that
there is no oxygen means that it is missing
oxygen there is to the mountain that you
you said on another occasion what happens
how much is equivalent in the gases and there what
that takes away oxygen
compared to the number of trees that
would be needed to fight in the
combustion of a car that is obsolete
as they have more than 120 years that
it takes away oxygen we go to Argentina that
It can
but in the sea he had to subtitle
the goal of the selection did not surrender
I work all
have been measured seems